= <tt>ntwm</tt>

Next Time We meet - record things against a name for discussion next time you catch up.

    ntwm [global options] command_name [command-specific options] [--] arguments...

* Use the command +help+ to get a summary of commands
* Use the command <tt>help command_name</tt> to get a help for +command_name+
* Use <tt>--</tt> to stop command line argument processing; useful if your arguments have dashes in them

== Global Options
These options are available for any command and are specified before the name of the command

[<tt>--help</tt>] Show this message
== Commands
[<tt>done</tt>] Mark an item as done.
[<tt>help</tt>] Shows list of commands or help for one command
[<tt>list</tt>] List known names or List items stored against a name.
[<tt>new</tt>] Add an item to a person's list for the next time you talk to them.

=== <tt>done </tt>

Mark an item as done.


This is used to mark items as completed after you have caught up with that person.

# Mark an item in LH's list as done

# You must enclose the item with quote marks (double or single).

    <tt>ntwm done -n LH "demo new feature"</tt>

    <tt>ntwm done -n LH 'ask for code review'</tt>




==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>--name, -n arg</tt>] name of person to remove item(s) from.
=== <tt>help [command]</tt>

Shows list of commands or help for one command

Gets help for the application or its commands.  Can also list the commands in a way helpful to creating a bash-style completion function

==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>-c, --completion</tt>] List all commands one line at a time, for use with shell completion ([command] argument is partial command to match)
=== <tt>list </tt>

List known names or List items stored against a name.

*Aliases*
* <tt><b>l</b></tt>


Retrieve a list of names in the system or a list of items stored against a name.
If no name is given then it lists all known names.

# list all item's listed against LH

    <tt>ntwm list -n LH</tt>

    <tt>ntwm list --name=LH</tt>

# List all known names

    <tt>ntwm list</tt>



==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>--name, -n arg</tt>] name of person's items you want to list.
=== <tt>new item_to_add</tt>

Add an item to a person's list for the next time you talk to them.



# add an item to LH's list

# You must enclose the item with quote marks (double or single).

    <tt>ntwm new -n LH "demo new feature"</tt>

    <tt>ntwm new -n LH "ask for code review"</tt>



==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>--name, -n arg</tt>] name of person to list item against.
